---
date: 2024-07-28T15:41
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - sunday
---
# DAILY NOTE
## Sunday, July 28th, 2024
***
### Journal
Today I started the “back-to-zero” study, starting with the first year subject Programming Logic and Design. Which serves as an introduction to computer programming. From what I can remember from previous lectures, the subject focused mainly on using algorithms in designing computer functions. I can remember it being easily understandable and digestible. The designing part composed mainly of using flowcharts to model the algorithms and writing pseudocode to kind of plan out what the code structure will look like and how it will be sequenced.

To begin my study (partly review), I began to watch Harvard’s Computer Science Course of 2023, a compilation of their lectures which amounted to 25 hours of footage. I have only burned through 30 minutes of it which may seem too little or counterproductive, but it was very elaborate and detailed, and I only limited myself 30 minutes of screen time to reduce eye strain and fatigue. Though the lecture was about binary computations (far from the topic focused by the subject), I deemed it to be relevant because it served as a low level basis of how a computer can perform algorithms with just 1’s and 0’s, it was also very detailed and intriguing far from how our professors explained it.

On the programming part of the subject, I have decided to study and use the “Mother of all programming language” which is C, a low level yet very fast programming language, capable of performing memory allocations and many more low level accesses. Using C will greatly increase my knowledge of computer science and thus, I chose it.

I am hoping to improve myself physically, mentally, and intellectually. Hoping for the best. Godspeed.
***
### Tasks
- [ ] Practice C