---
date: 2024-10-05T19:41
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - saturday
---
# DAILY NOTE
## Saturday, October 5th, 2024
***
### Journal
It’s been two months since I wrote an entry. I’ve been feeling off since the last entry, and a lot has happened since then. I dropped the research design subject because I felt that it was too soon for me to engage in writing academic papers. I lost confident in my skills and my research partners, and I was afraid that our efforts will be wasted. So, I decided to leave our group and dropped the subject. At first I felt regretful of my decision, but eventually I moved on and realized it was for the best as my class schedule was loaded for my taste. I also realized that I have so much more to learn and that I still want to sharpen my skills and gain even more knowledge. Day-by-day I get this drive to get up and study all on my own regardless of my university’s curriculum. I feel like I finally get what sir Lacaya told us in the past about how we should expound the lessons they teach all on our own as they as instructors only take us to the gates, we’re all on our own for the rest of the journey. So, here I am right now, quietly following the trail and sometimes going of the map, picking up skills that someday I can put to good use and not just show off.

I’ve been consistent with my workout routine, and thankfully there are some minor improvements with my physique, and I have been getting compliments but that doesn’t matter. What matters is that I feel good with  my body.

Balancing workouts and school works were fine at first but as I get deeper into the school year, I realized that I needed a more flexible routine. So, with the help of software apps, I organized my schedule and routine to be more balanced and less taxing. Each day in my class schedule, I get some hours of free time, and rather than waste them doing senseless things, I decided to use that time for either study or workouts depending on where I am. If I am at home and the free time is 2 hours or more, I’ll have 1 hour for study and 1 hour for working out. If I am out, then all of my time will be used to study and to do school works. Hopefully, this routine proves to be more reliable and less taxing.

I am hoping to improve myself physically, mentally, and intellectually. Hoping for the best. Godspeed. 
***
### Tasks
- [ ] Task 1
- [ ] Task 2
- [ ] Task 3