---
date: 2024-08-05T21:07
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - monday
---
# DAILY NOTE
## Monday, August 5th, 2024
***
### Journal
I was not feeling like myself these past few days so I was unable to make entries for the respective dates. 

The dumbbell set arrived last Saturday. There was a screw up with the address where I selected a friends address and contact info instead of my own, so I had to get it myself from the delivery hub. It was a smooth transaction though and the people there were very accommodating, they even helped me load it into the tricycle. Once I got home, I immediately unpacked and checked if all the components were compete and in good condition, and thank the heavens they were. I then tested out the new equipment by doing a 1 hour workout session. I did the basic upper body workout that mainly focused on the shoulders. The equipment worked and was surprisingly sturdy and very secure. The workout was really good, for once doing a home workout really fatigued my body. It was maybe because it was my first time using weights while working out at home. After working out, my body felt great though fatigued, it was kind of satisfying to accurately target the muscle. I did consistent workout sessions daily till this very day. I hope I stay consistent during the school year though. 

With the workouts aside, I wasn’t really being consistent with my plans to study. I got caught up by other things like social media and watching YouTube videos for entertainment. It kind of set me off track and blind sighted me from doing the things I pre-planned. It wasn’t because I was lazy but because I have this feeling of insecurity towards the outcomes. I always ended up overthinking and reconsidering plans and ideas. It was always on my mind that “what if it’s not worth it?” and “what if it’s a waste of time?”. Maybe it’s just the loneliness talking. I haven’t really interacted with my friends nor family, and my girlfriends is too far away (messaging doesn’t accurately convey what I’m trying to communicate to her). Throughout my life, only now have I felt this feeling, this honking doubt in my mind that tells me “what if I’m not good enough?”. I have a lot of plans and huge dreams that I want to accomplish, but what if I’m not good enough for those dreams? 

I think I need to work on my confidence again, or at least this false sense of confidence that I have.

I am hoping to improve myself physically, mentally, and intellectually. Hoping for the best. Godspeed.
***
### Tasks
- [ ] Personal Development