---
date: 2024-08-02T17:15
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - friday
---
# DAILY NOTE
## Friday, August 2nd, 2024
***
### Journal
Today all my worries disappeared. Yesterday I finished all my clearances and already added the necessary classes to enroll on to, so there’s nothing to worry about at the moment. I can finally start my plans soundly and focus on the necessary decisions to take. 

Yesterday I was unable to create an entry because I felt fatigue due to the heat. It was full of smooth transactions with the authorities though. I ran through the clearances like a hot knife through butter. I also finally finished the 240 hour On-The-Job training in our school. I can finally rest easy (for now). There is still the self reflection to be made but I think that is easy enough. All I have to do is gather some pictures and provide some descriptions and explanations. I can start tomorrow or the next day given that I have free time.

Tomorrow the dumbbell set that I ordered will hopefully arrive. I can finally start my weight lifting journey. Slowly but surely I’ve been doing full body workouts. I can see and feel my muscles growing. I feel more comfortable in my own skin and feel good overall.

Lately, I’ve been having trouble sleeping, and as a result, I wasn’t performing good during physical exercise sessions. I was getting tired easily and my body feels heavy when I do push ups (it doesn’t usually feel this way). So I’ve decided to skip all plans for the rest of the night and just let my body recover from these days of sleepless nights.

I am hoping to improve myself physically, mentally, and intellectually. Hoping for the best. Godspeed.
***
### Tasks
- [ ] Task 1
- [ ] Task 2
- [ ] Task 3