---
date: 2024-07-30T18:12
tags:
  - Daily
cssclasses:
  - daily
  - tuesday
---
# DAILY NOTE
## Tuesday, July 30th, 2024
***
### Journal
I wasn’t feeling well since yesterday so I was unable to write a journal entry. I was supposed to start studying computer hardware, calculus, and maybe C programming but my body was too fatigue. It was a hot and tiring day yesterday, paired with frustration but now I’m felling better and will get back to schedule.  I thought about programming algorithms and recalled some exercises that I can do. It was the calculator algorithm or the flow and steps of a calculator app. The calculator will prompt the user to enter the first number and the second number and then prompt the user to select the arithmetic operation to be used (addition, subtraction, multiplication, and addition).  The flow of the system was easy to visualize but I had a little trouble visualizing the flowchart as I was confused of how the diamond symbol would be correctly used. Nevertheless, I will persevere and review the flowchart fundamentals so that I can depict its algorithm.

For the computer hardware, I am confident enough of my knowledge that I am reconsidering skipping the subject. I already have a background  in computer hardware since high school so I find it redundant to study. Though I am still going to review my knowledge and focus more on the functionality and how the hardware functions as a unit. In theory, a computer  should resemble the human body with the CPU or processor being the brain, which does the computing and controls the other parts. I am looking forward to studying the CPU as it intrigues me the most, how such a tiny thing can do so much computing.

I am shifting focus to subjects related to mathematics, as it is my weakness, but to study calculus I have to master algebra. I have little background of algebra due to my incompetence in high school and previous years but right now it’s time to repent for my sins. 

I am hoping to improve myself physically, mentally, and intellectually. Hoping for the best. Godspeed.
***
### Tasks
- [ ] Study Algebra
- [ ] Study PreCal
- [ ] Study Calculus